okay folks there she is all painted up
looking pretty a little plumbing level
there but that suggests a temporary hold
anyway now I've need to apologize to
people in earlier clip in this video I
was holding my wind gauge out and I was
saying kept saying miles per hour miles
per hour and it was not it was set at
m/s one meter per second is 2.2 miles
per hour okay I just want to clear that
up
I don't want anybody catch me in a
little fib if I do tell a fib it's a
pure accident everything I do I try to
do by the book because I'm doing this
for my education and to help others I'll
do like showing my mistakes a lot
because I don't want somebody else to
waste their time making the same mistake
I made
okay now I'm what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna move in and show a few little
details and this is gonna be the last
clip in this video the next one will be
either us trying to get it mounted on
the pole I'm going to mount it off the
corner of my shed my hobby shop back
there right right there and we're gonna
take a piece of three-and-a-half inch
inside diameter pipe with measures
exactly four inches outside and the pipe
we have on the V AWT itself is the
mounting pipe it's a four inch inside
diameter pipe so we're going to put
three and a half inch pipe in the ground
take it up to the height we want that
the VA WT and then fasten it and I'm
gonna have to get some kind of a lift
out here to pick this thing up because
it's not heavy
it's just bulky big you know it's kind
of hard to handle it gets off balance on
you and that kind of thing but anyway
let me get up here a little closer and
let you guys take a look at how she's
set up inside as far as that the 10-inch
diameter sprocket schedule forty one
chain sprocket if you can see that let
me see if I can zoom in a little bit
I hadn't even there it is
oh well I got the Sun at my back so
parodist I can't hardly see anything in
this visor do you find her
okay well the two inch diameter schedule
41 sprocket came in yesterday I wouldn't
picked it up
so right now winds blowing oh one point
one point one one point nine two point
miles this is set at miles per hour now
okay this is deathly set at miles per
hour
there's four three five four split
second she's averaging bouncing around
back and forth sit right by three three
and a half miles per hour and she's
turning really good with a lot of torque
but once I get it down as you can see
there's some a shot there
there's my office building there there's
my firewood we must bring all scrap wood
from the job for my fireplace in the
wintertime then I've got my construction
trailer here so the winds being blocked
big-time now if you look up there you
see she's turning pretty good so when I
get this monstrosity up in the air it's
gonna really spin spin hard all right
everybody have a good a good time and I
know tomorrow's Friday so you folks have
a great weekend okay bye-bye